ticket your inspector i have a bunch
why aren't you coming to you
you had no idea right away
the story why they appeal to you
turning rooms and why not
open the door and enter jovani what are you
violated the parking rules
parking rules for which right
getting closer to 30 meters from
public transport stops
I stopped your documents
see well let's document nothing i
I will explain the documents will show all that
there he needs 15 9 rules of the road
Movement to top violated
what is written there say you say that where
it is forbidden to stop where I
parts of 15 meters from the stop came
rude starts to talk salon to
Unfortunately, the camera did not turn on before
it seems but on the basis of what I
I explain to you again on the basis of what
I want to see your documents again
even tell you all this again
one time is enough
Ivanovo
and time to repeat it on the don
pledged civil liability policy
take pictures to stop him
[music]
and there that mondeo will be some
especially or what we have
mondeo inspector did not approach him
just now coming
yes yes yes yes yes excellent said yes good
excellent on youtube will be posted
let's what it is for throws
all that boot
sweater rushes
documents